The doctor is doing well and can be discharged from the hospital.
Come on, let’s get you straight. It's you.
yes. Why are you here?
I am a husband. Of course I'm here.
I know, you are out of luck.
Why not? Is it because I didn’t get the marriage certificate?
Follow me and go get the certificate with me. good.
Do you really want to get a certificate?
Is it so easy? Didn’t you say you wanted to repay me?
good. I don't care,
It depends on whether you are OK or not. Miss Chen
You may not know me very well
I sit on the street for a while
My name is Holy Angel
The bride is 18 years old
No smoking, no drinking
Recently I can still see Lao Jiu
As soon as my dad comes in, wait a minute.
The five red books haven’t arrived yet
In the mountain envoy
Are you so rich?
Let’s stop being so young, right?